readme.md, before:

# symbol-search.kak

> [!NOTE]
> This plugin is still undergoing development, but is usable.

Search symbols across various languages among files in your current working directory.

![demo.gif][1]

Symbols are extracted using [syntect][2] which parses source code using Sublime Text
syntax files.

## Installation

1. Install the [requirements][3].
2. Install [kak-symbol-search][4] create either with cargo or with nix.
3. Place [`symbol-search.kak`][5] where kakoune will load it.

## Configuration

Two things can be configured: `fzf`'s appearance, and the list of symbols that are searchable
for each language. Configuration is done through a [TOML][6] string. Set `symbol_search_config`
kakoune option to your configuration. See [`symbol-search.kak`][7] or [`default-config.toml`][8]
for the default configuration.

## Requirements

- [popup.kak][9]
- [fd][10]

## TODO

- [ ] order of symbols should be stable
- [ ] keep subprocess alive if indexing is still happening after exit.
  - not sure what to do if another process is opened while one is indexing.
- [ ] `fzf` modes for searching specific symbol kinds
- [ ] buffer symbol search (similar to sublime's non-indexed symbol search)
- [ ] include parent scope(s) in symbols
  - a `method` under `impl Trait for X` should appear as `<X as Trait>::method`

[1]: demo.gif
[2]: https://github.com/trishume/syntect
[3]: #requirements
[4]: https://crates.io/crates/kak-symbol-search
[5]: ./rc/symbol-search.kak
[6]: https://toml.io/en/
[7]: ./rc/symbol-search.kak
[8]: ./example-config.toml
[9]: https://github.com/enricozb/popup.kak
[10]: https://github.com/sharkdp/fd

Commit message:

remove sublime syntax files, add cpp support

readme.md, after:

# symbol-search.kak

> [!NOTE]
> This plugin is still undergoing development, but is usable.

Search symbols across various languages among files in your current working directory.

![demo.gif][1]

Symbols are extracted using [tree-sitter][2].

## Installation

1. Install the [requirements][3].
2. Install [kak-symbol-search][4] create either with cargo or with nix.
3. Place [`symbol-search.kak`][5] where kakoune will load it.

## Configuration

Two things can be configured: `fzf`'s appearance, and the list of symbols that are searchable
for each language. Configuration is done through a [TOML][6] string. Set `symbol_search_config`
kakoune option to your configuration. See [`symbol-search.kak`][7] or [`default-config.toml`][8]
for the default configuration.

Queries are written using tree-sitter's query language.

## Requirements

- [popup.kak][9]
- [fd][10]

## TODO

- [ ] order of symbols should be stable
- [ ] keep subprocess alive if indexing is still happening after exit.
  - not sure what to do if another process is opened while one is indexing.
- [ ] `fzf` modes for searching specific symbol kinds
- [ ] buffer symbol search (similar to sublime's non-indexed symbol search)
- [ ] include parent scope(s) in symbols
  - a `method` under `impl Trait for X` should appear as `<X as Trait>::method`
  - this can likely be done with tree-sitter's captures `@trait` and transforms

[1]: demo.gif
[2]: https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter
[3]: #requirements
[4]: https://crates.io/crates/kak-symbol-search
[5]: ./rc/symbol-search.kak
[6]: https://toml.io/en/
[7]: ./rc/symbol-search.kak
[8]: ./example-config.toml
[9]: https://github.com/enricozb/popup.kak
[10]: https://github.com/sharkdp/fd
